com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc:
    android.widget.TextView mDiceLabel -> a
    android.widget.SeekBar mDiceSeekBar -> b
    android.widget.TextView mDiceValue -> c
    android.widget.TextView mToughLabel -> d
    android.widget.SeekBar mToughSeekBar -> e
    android.widget.TextView mToughValue -> f
    android.widget.TextView mChanceLabel -> g
    android.widget.SeekBar mChanceSeekBar -> h
    android.widget.TextView mChanceValue -> i
    android.widget.CheckBox mBlessCheckBox -> j
    android.widget.CheckBox mCurseCheckBox -> k
    android.widget.CheckBox mShotgunCheckBox -> l
    android.widget.CheckBox mMandyCheckBox -> m
    android.widget.CheckBox mRerollOnesCheckBox -> n
    android.widget.CheckBox mSkidsOnesCheckBox -> o
    android.widget.CheckBox mAddOneCheckBox -> p
    android.widget.TextView mResultTextView -> q
    int mPreviousChanceValue -> r
    boolean mRestoringState -> s
    java.lang.reflect.Method mMenuItemShowAsAction -> t
    void onCreate(android.os.Bundle) -> onCreate
    void onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Bundle) -> onRestoreInstanceState
    boolean onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu) -> onCreateOptionsMenu
    boolean onOptionsItemSelected(android.view.MenuItem) -> onOptionsItemSelected
    void recalculate() -> a
    void setSeekBarValues() -> b
    void showToast(java.lang.String) -> a
    java.lang.String getResourceString(int) -> a
    void access$0(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc) -> a
    void access$1(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc) -> b
    void access$2(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc,int) -> a
    android.widget.CheckBox access$3(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc) -> c
    void access$4(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc,boolean,int) -> a
    android.widget.CheckBox access$5(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc) -> d
    android.widget.CheckBox access$6(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc) -> e
    android.widget.CheckBox access$7(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc) -> f
    android.widget.CheckBox access$8(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc) -> g
    void access$9(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc,boolean,int) -> b
    void access$10(com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc,java.lang.String) -> a
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$1 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.a:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    void onProgressChanged(android.widget.SeekBar,int,boolean) -> onProgressChanged
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$10 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.b:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    void onCheckedChanged(android.widget.CompoundButton,boolean) -> onCheckedChanged
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$11 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.c:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$12 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.d:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$13 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.e:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$14 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.f:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$15 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.g:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$16 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.h:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$17 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.i:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$18 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.j:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$19 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.k:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$2 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.l:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    void onProgressChanged(android.widget.SeekBar,int,boolean) -> onProgressChanged
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$20 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.m:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    boolean onLongClick(android.view.View) -> onLongClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$21 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.n:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    android.content.SharedPreferences val$sharedPrefs -> b
    void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$3 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.o:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    void onProgressChanged(android.widget.SeekBar,int,boolean) -> onProgressChanged
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$4 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.p:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    void onCheckedChanged(android.widget.CompoundButton,boolean) -> onCheckedChanged
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$5 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.q:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    void onCheckedChanged(android.widget.CompoundButton,boolean) -> onCheckedChanged
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$6 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.r:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    void onCheckedChanged(android.widget.CompoundButton,boolean) -> onCheckedChanged
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$7 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.s:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    void onCheckedChanged(android.widget.CompoundButton,boolean) -> onCheckedChanged
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$8 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.t:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    void onCheckedChanged(android.widget.CompoundButton,boolean) -> onCheckedChanged
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$9 -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.u:
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> a
    void onCheckedChanged(android.widget.CompoundButton,boolean) -> onCheckedChanged
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc$OnSeekBarProgressChangeListener -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.v:
    int mPreviousProgress -> a
    com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalc this$0 -> b
    int getPreviousProgress() -> a
    void onStartTrackingTouch(android.widget.SeekBar) -> onStartTrackingTouch
    void onStopTrackingTouch(android.widget.SeekBar) -> onStopTrackingTouch
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalcHelp -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.ArkhamCalcHelp:
    void onCreate(android.os.Bundle) -> onCreate
    java.util.List getHelp(int) -> a
    java.util.List getGroupData(java.util.List) -> a
    java.util.List getChildData(java.util.List) -> b
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.CalculateResultFormatter -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.w:
    double mResult -> a
    int getColor() -> a
    java.lang.String getResultString() -> b
    java.text.NumberFormat getNumberFormat() -> c
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.Calculator -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.x:
    int mDice -> a
    int mTough -> b
    int mNumberOfChances -> c
    boolean mIsBlessed -> d
    boolean mIsCursed -> e
    boolean mIsShotgun -> f
    boolean mIsMandy -> g
    boolean mIsRerollOnes -> h
    boolean mIsSkids -> i
    boolean mIsAddOne -> j
    void setNumberOfChances(int) -> a
    void setIsBlessed(boolean) -> a
    void setIsCursed(boolean) -> b
    void setIsShotgun(boolean) -> c
    void setIsMandy(boolean) -> d
    void setIsRerollOnes(boolean) -> e
    void setIsSkids(boolean) -> f
    void setIsAddOne(boolean) -> g
    double calculate() -> a
    double baseCalc(int,int) -> a
    double getProbRerollOnes(int) -> b
    double getProbSuccessWithoutSix() -> b
    double getProbOneSuccess() -> c
    double getProbExactSuccess(int,int,double) -> a
com.kolita.arkhamcalc.MathHelper -> com.kolita.arkhamcalc.y:
    long nCr(int,int) -> a
    long factorial(int) -> a
